hey my name is Melissa I've only been
playing piano for a whole month now so
there's no sheet music available but
I'll be showing on this video the usher
song make love in this club tutorial and
I only have one hand to hold the camera
so it's not going to be good to show for
both hands but anyway I could go hand by
hand this song starts off play it once
too and then I shall play you step
all right so a song with the left hand
that's the intro is played C G a minor s
and the way it's played it is so you'd
say each chord is played four times just
like that to the G
and to a minor
and then to us
and hopefully the lights help you out to
see and the way that should look with
your Latinos
you kind of stop on a dime they're cool
hole and it starts off with the left
hand the left hand is I guess it's
called octase I don't know much about it
but it's this phase and it starts off
one more time without both Jessica sees
when I'm walking it's please and as the
intro the first is I came up with right
here watch David's eyes again
the left hand while you're playing sorry
about that
while you're playing the left hand is
just going to be simply a bunch of
variations of old school that's it and
then intro is going to be the vs. the
whole thing and the right hand is going
to be played from here you can see it's
going to say actually it's probably
easier if I just play it through one go
and so that's to play that you start off
and again left hand is ABC G a minor s
during that whole thing kind of hard at
playing with one hand but anyway the way
that played is you start off from the G
the bottom G and go like 1 2 with the d
e cheese over here so this and then you
kind of keep having a that's eginning
and then with your left hand you're
going to continue the chords but then
you wait a little bit and it's going to
how David sighs does he he goes and what
that is is from say usually you skip
over the a Gianna
and then you hit the G do the same thing
and then what I kind of do here
you hit the G here just sipping on heart
and then again you go and that goes into
the bridge I'm gonna play it one so you
could
and that's the interest for part two of
the bridge and of course to